---
title: "STA 486C Introductory Assignment"
author: "Ethan May"
date: "2024-01-27"
output: pdf_document
---

Poster: A Data-Driven Approach to NFL Play Prediction

1. What I liked most about this project was the method used for data scraping web pages to get the data for different plays in the NFL. This process allows a lot of data to be collected that would take an absurd amount of time to do manually. I thought that this aspect of the project would be especially useful as it could relatively easily be modified and used for other projects. 

2. I would have liked to see how the final random forest model compared to a standard decision tree or maybe some other models. Would be cool to see the progression made and how much better the final model was than more basic/simple models.

3. I would have liked to see if there was a way to include more variables, maybe a var that classifies how good a teams WR RB or QBs are based on there stats for that season: maybe teams with QB that average this many yards passing would have a higher chance of throwing the ball in this instance. Thinking through things like that may allow for a more precise prediction.

4. Along with the program that scrapes that data from the website, the R code that takes the info from the play by play description to make the data set stood out as an way to get data quickly that I hadn't thought of before.

5. The description of how the data was taken is what interested me the most about this project, implementing that method of getting data depends on whatever idea I go with but I could see a similar method used depending on what final Idea I end up going with. I also liked how along with the description of the model a graph was used that shows the most important variables within that model, that visualization quickly communicates to the viewer what is most impactful.


WIGBIS

Wouldn't it be great if we could figure out how to make lifestyle changes easier to make using data science

Wouldn't it be great if unessisary expeseses in healthcare could be found using data science

Wouldn't it be great if people could figure out the best method of ______ would best fit their personal needs using datascience

Wouldn't it be great if people could figure out the method of rehabilitation that would best fit their personal needs using datascience

Wouldn't it be great if people could figure out the method of therapy would best fit their personal needs using datascience

Wouldn't it be great if people could figure out the method of dieting would best fit their personal needs using datascience

Wouldn't it be great if people could figure out method of treatment for ______  that would best fit their personal needs using datascience

Wouldn't it be great if people could figure out the method of education that would best fit their personal needs using datascience

wouldn't it be great if I could create a model that can predict what current high school/ college basketball players will be the most successful

wouldn't it be great if I could take a product and using data science find which people woudl be the most likely consumer 
